This project is a web application that stores and displays information about schools in Los Angeles (LA), California. Using this website, users will be able to search for schools in LA and gain valuable insights about them. This information will include a general rating of the school’s overall academic quality (provided by other users of the website) on a scale of 1-10, a safety rating (generated by our website) that takes into account crimes that occurred near the school and also specially considers crimes that involved school-aged children, a breakdown of said crimes (displaying the total number of crimes that have occurred there since 2020, the percentage of crimes that were violent, the percentage of crimes that involved school-aged children, and the percentage of crimes that involved guns), and finally, general information about the school such as its name, address, and local police station. This will let parents very clearly visualize the most common crimes that are perpetrated near a given school and how close they were to said school.

“SafeSchools” will also include basic account functions. Users will be able to register to use the website by creating a unique username and password. They can then use these same credentials to log back in. Once a user is logged into their account, they will be able to save certain schools so that they can quickly reference them again later as opposed to having to repeatedly search for them. Logged in users can also leave ratings for the general quality of schools which will be reflected when other users view the same school. Users will also be able to view their past school ratings and adjust them (editing or deleting) as they see fit.
